- [Narrator] The next step will be
to write a REST class for that transaction demo,
and then we will get hold of the ManagedExecutorService
object, which we will have to inject
through the @Resource annotation.
Let's go to the IDE.
Let's go under the REST folder, and create a class,
which we will call Transaction Resource, okay.
Let's come down and let's define
the part and addition for it.
Okay, and this is a transaction that you're doing
so let's this time use the @POST method of the javax.
So we'll use the POST annotation,
and a simple method public string execute transactions.
Okay, and what are we going to do here?
We're going to first inject the
managed executor service object.
Right, for that let's go to concurrent resources
managed executor service and pick up the name,
the default resource, come back to IDE,
and under the transaction resource class online number 18,
I will inject that resources.
I say lookup.
Okay.
And of course take a reference for it.
So private managed executor service, okay.
And the next thing will be of course,
we'll have to submit that transaction processor tasks
via the managed executor service object.
So let's do that.
Let's say, service dot submit new transaction processor.
And then just return a simple string
from your same transaction processed.
No let's say transaction submitted.
Please check console.
Okay, so just to summarize before
we finally test this application,
we first went ahead and had those two
data sources defined on the server by a connection pool,
so we defined the connection pool first and then
we drew a couple of data sources from them,
that is step number one.
Second is we wrote a session bean,
JTA stateless session bean, and we
injected those two data sources and
then with the help of them, we actually
executed these insert statements.
The dependent tables for which transaction is important.
Then next, we actually went ahead and, of course,
wrote out our runnable implementation,
which is going to do the job of
starting the transaction, then actually
calling those business methods, and then committing
it and rolling it back whenever necessary.
And finally, we wrote the test class, which is going
to start the concurrency programming,
and for that we needed the managed executor service object.
So through that we are going to submit
the task and that is exactly what
we're trying to test right?
Whenever concurrency programming happens,
when you submit a task via any of the
managed executor objects, then during that
task there are transactions, then they
should be successfully committed or
rolled back using the user transaction API.
That's exactly what we want to do.
Right, so now to test this, we will of course
have to deploy this and run this.
We'll do this in the next video.